Adds new OG image filters. (#302)
Yoast/developer: docs/features/opengraph/api/wpseo-opengraph-images.md

add_filter( 'wpseo_opengraph_image', 'alter_existing_opengraph_image' );
```

> The same can be done for the `width`, `height` and `type` tags. This can done by using the following three filters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same can be done for the `og:image:width`, `og:image:height` and `og:image:type` tags, by using the following three filters:
```
